how are you welcome to our
jackal work we are having fun with
the whole team had a good time is a
pleasure come to record here with all this
cute people that we have behind camera
so this program is dedicated to
them a paper director to santiago alé al
negrito a kiss for all and eugenia
that left us this divine kitchen I have
Where milk going to do evils today
tell what I'm going to do is a rich
Polenta instant polenta quickly by
that I put the dt to cook it and I'm going to
put a little broth this I'm going to
let it break to a boil but that is going
to put a little more salt a little bit
of pepper the pepper always
they love the preparations when they are
made the polenta when it is processed
let's advance one step to
show them what I did is the bus in
a plate and what I'm going to do I 'm going to
cut because what I'm going to do is
cut squares
we who are afraid do not be afraid
boyacá let's go
to take out the paper
I'm going to lift the mold
and now what I'm going to do is I'm going to
cut squares I chose to make some
caramelized onions like I have here
with onion cut in julienne we go
helping them we are cooking a little bit
in oil and we put a little
sprinkle with sugar over very high heat
Very low, it will be bankrolled and will remain
they are very, very rich, so I will start
to accommodate the squares of polenta
in the plate previously a bowl
boyacá with a little bit of tomato sauce
we follow with caramelized onions
fresh cheese parsley
and some fresh pepper pimples
olives
and now if I go to the oven I have the
perfect milk with the broth and I must go
adding the polenta that I have here in
way of rain while I finish
cooking the polenta we are going to the
recipe
we have here the finished dish and
presented look what a delight that is
easy how simple another way to eat
polenta and remember that this recipe
You can find on our website
You can also follow us on facebook and
we also have here the recipe manual
of what is ours to water can already
find in newspaper kiosks and
magazines or I stay here reading the book
I let them be approximately